[Music]
we have all the good men gone and where
where's a streetwise Hercules
you're looking particularly beautiful
tonight beautiful tonight
[Music]
they're a problem good the identities of
our serving agents have been exposed the
country is in a state of complete chaos
at the universe sends me you sir yes
alright buff we're going on a mission
not a honeymoon destination
south of France sir I'm the Mossad
they're just cyclists so they're French
cyclist buff and they're obstructing Her
Majesty's Secret Service she's the key
to this case I'm not sure I've ever met
a man right thank you let me clear up
the uncertainty here you haven't
virtual reality it's completely
immersive and some people do track their
actual surroundings I think we can
pretty much guarantee that's not gonna
happen
tell me the agent we've got in the field
is making some progress target acquired
this is a job for the shoe box
inflatable Jessica
[Music]
no one must have a slightest clue we're
here
[Music]
till we meet again
that was sooner than I expected Oh
[Music]